Welcome to this module. In this module it's now time to really take advantage of the fact that we're
running on a phone.
Thus far we already did this of course, we used a lot of features that make up native apps but what more
native like could we do than use maps, the user location, the camera, pick an image from the image gallery,
these are the things we'll have a look at in this module.
Now this might sound super big and it is super important but thankfully, it's actually also super easy
to do all these things,
you will learn this, you will learn how to add these functionalities and then of course how to use the data
you get out of that. Precisely we'll have a look at two major things in this module,
we'll have a look at react native maps, a third party library which adds Google maps or Apple maps
support to our application because that's not baked into react native
and we'll have a look at how we can use the camera and the image gallery and therefore essentially pick
an image.
So that's what we're about to do,
let's dive into it,
let's start with some maps and the user location.